This project was an in-class assingment which was then finished indivudally for homework. As a class we collaborated on choice of API, and how the user would be able to maniuplate the date selection so that data that corresponds to that date would be displayed on the DOM. `ALL HTML ELEMENTS WERE CREATED WITHIN MY JS via FUNCTIONS I MADE TO CREATE ELEMENTS` All CSS styling was inspired by me, this was not apart of the in-class collaborative portion.

API used:
* Astronomy Picture of the Day https://api.nasa.gov/planetary/apod
`THIS PROGRAM UTILIZIES A API KEY` PLEASE ADD YOUR KEY WHEN USING THIS CODE; can be found on line 11 of JS

This project began by making a GLOBAL OBJECT that contained year, month and day VARIABLES that would later store the the corresponding data via what the user selected from our SELECT ELEMENTS. Other GLOBAL VARIABLES created for current year/month/day#, an ARRAY of INDEXES that correspond to the months length of days [31,28, so on]. Following next is the FUNCTION for the WINDOW ONLOAD PROPERTY, within this I created HTML ELEMENTS like:
* DIVS
* a start BUTTON
* the year SELECT (month SELECT is created within the year SELECT ONCHANGE FUNCTION, and day SELECT is created within the month SELECTS ONCHANGE FUNCTION)
These are APPENDED to their respective PARENT NODES and then I call a FUNCTION that will REQUEST the NASA API.

The reason why I call this FUNCTION immediately is because the UI of this webpage is fairly simple, it will only contain a DIV that displays the APOD IMAGE title, date, and description, then below is the interactive ELEMENTS. I made the whole webpage background become the APOD IMAGE so by using the current date within the API REQUEST, I am able to have the webpage filled with an IMAGE and information instantly instead of waiting for a selection by the user. Although, this made for the use of need IF STATEMENTS to create logic that only if the GLOBAL VARIABLES are still assigned the number 0 then pass through the current date as URL PARAMETERS within the API ENDPOINT. After this INITIAL call the API REQUEST FUNCTION using the data that is collected from the users selected date OPTIONS and passes those VARIABLES in as PARAMETERS in the ENDPOINT.

Within the XHR ONLOAD PROPERTY FUNCTION I pass the PARSED RAW data into another FUNCTION that actually displays the APOD IMAGE. For now I have not learned how to make videos load within HTML so instead by using IF STATEMENTS I have a check that for that via the data's media_type PROPERTY which is either 'image' or 'video'; and, if video, I simply ALERT the user that it was a video and gave them the videos' URL as a LINK. Otherwise if it's an IMAGE simply clear the DIV that contains the previous IMAGES' information, refill that DIV with the correct information and also change the webpages background IMAGE.

The rest of the JS within this code handles the start BUTTONs FUNCTIONallity and what each SELECT ELEMENT does via ONCHANGE from the defualt OPTION. The start BUTTON simply makes the display for the year SELECT ELEMENT set to 'INITIAL' becuase when it was first created I assigned it a VALUE of 'NONE', then I assigned the BUTTONs display VALUE to 'NONE'. 

The year SELECT ONCHANGE FUNCTION consisted of making sure that if the first year NASA ever released an APOD that was selected by the user that the corresponding months made sense and that the user couldn't SELECT a date that didn't have a corresponding IMAGE. So since the first IMAGE was in June 1995, the user can only SELECT (6) June through (12) December. Likewise, that I didn't want the user to be able to SELECT a date past the current date so I made sure that if the current year was selected that the months that would be available for selection only lead up to the current month. So depending on that information it would alter an ARRAY of numerical months and pass that ARRAY as a PARAMETER into the month SELECTS' ONCHANGE FUNCTION. This SELECT gets assinged a VALUE of 'NONE' for it's display lastly as well.

I had created a FUNCTION that checks the if selected year is a leap year and if so change the ARRAY index that corrensponds to Febuaray from the ARRAY I created at the beginning of my code to 29, otherwise keep it at 28. Also, used IF STATEMENTS to make a check taht if the year selected was 1995 and month selected was June then the days ARRAY would only consist of the 16th and on, likewise for if the year selected is the current year and month is current month then the ARRAY would only consist of days up until the current one. Then the rest of the FUNCTION simple fills an ARRAY via a WHILE LOOP and then passes that ARRAY as PARAMETER into the day SELECT ONCHANGE FUNCTION. This SELECT gets assinged a VALUE of 'NONE' for it's display lastly as well.

Finally the day SELECT ONCHANGE FUNCTION that simply gets assinged a VALUE of 'NONE' for it's display as well, also maks the BUTTONs display 'INITIAL' so it can be reused to make a new date selection. Lastly, the FUNCTION call to REQUEST the APOD is called again to then display to the DOM what the user has selected.